---
title: "Challenges and solutions: the current data security scenario in apps"
source: "https://tuvis.com/challenges-and-solutions-the-current-data-security-scenario-in-apps"
date: "2023-11-30"
---

It seems obvious and simple to talk about how important it is to protect data but on delving deeper the issue becomes complex calling for reflection on liberty and confidentiality. And just because it has become important in the market tuvis has dedicated efforts to prepare a study on cybersecurity and compliance in the corporate environment. At this point, data security comes up against Compliance guaranteeing respect for regulations, laws, and ethics, pillars which guarantee companies reputations and their capacity to remain healthy.
Keeping a company healthy goes from the right message and reaching an audience that is increasingly demanding, through to its financial health. In the complete study done by tuvis and available in an E-book format, we see that HSBC for example was fined US$ 15 million for not keeping a record of conversations with clients on digital platforms. JPMorgan, meanwhile, was fined US$200 million because their employees used personal devices to send messages and e-mails about commercial subjects.
This is an ever more challenging scenario and technology is perhaps the only – and certainly the most accurate – ally in the pursuit of solutions. It makes it possible the exchange of messages among employees via instant messaging apps, respecting general data protection law. The tools also help to detect potential security threats, preventing violations and the loss of data.
There is something important here that must be taken into consideration. Data protection is not limited to exchanges among employees, whether with someone from outside the organization or even sharing confidential content. We have to look again at something as destructively powerful or more so: cybercriminals.
Furthermore, a study has shown that Latin America suffers about 360 billion cyber-attacks a year. More than 103 billion happens in Brazil, according to the 2022 Global Threat Scenario Report by Fortinet. And there is no guarantee that this number is going to fall. You certainly know someone who has been the victim of a scam of some sort. Companies are also concerned about this.
With the advance of new technologies such as the Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and cloud computing, cybercriminals are broadening their range of attack with a larger range of opportunities and escape routes. Again, it is the technology with monitoring, tracking, and constant updating that will prevent the wrongful use of valuable information.
Whether to prevent the theft of data, or to stop confidential messages leaking, there are tools that can prevent losses. They are available to the market with effective monitoring, frequent updates, and warnings issues whenever something suspicious happens.
At the end of the day, there can be no success without information compliance and security. That is why tuvis has produced this e-book dedicated to the subject. Do you want full access to it? Visit the website, fill out the form and download the complete e-book here to find out how your company must act and be aware of information security rules.
