---
title: "Digitalization in Retail: How to Protect Your Business from Fraud and Cyber Risks"
source: "https://tuvis.com/digitalization-in-retail-how-to-protect-your-business-from-fraud-and-cyber-risks"
date: "2024-09-13"
---

As the digital world expands, retail and e-commerce companies are using technology to increase their product offerings and reach a wider customer base without the restraints of physical space. Digitalization is also seen as a benefit for consumers: according to Kantar’s Consumer Insights Q1 2024 study, 54% of consumers prefer the convenience of digital channels when shopping.
Given the impact and relevance of digitalization in retail, companies in the sector must constantly consider strategies to strengthen their digital presence. In addition to developing intuitive platforms that focus on the customer journey, e-commerce companies face challenges related to fraud and technological vulnerabilities that threaten both functionality and brand reputation.
The 2024 Retail Report, prepared by Adyen in collaboration with the Centre for Economic and Business Research (CEBR), points out that the global retail sector has been a major target for fraudulent activities, with an average loss of $2.9 million. Just in Brazil, these attacks have resulted in an average loss of R$ 8.5 million and are most significant in segments such as luxury retail and electronics.
The survey also shows that more than a third (37 per cent) of Brazilian companies have suffered cyber-attacks or data leaks, affecting their business operations and the safety of their customers. These incidents can lead to identity theft and the misuse of banking information, resulting in significant losses for the victims.
How to mitigate fraud and cybersecurity risks?
In this scenario of vulnerability, 25 per cent of Brazilian consumers say they feel more insecure when shopping today than they did a decade ago, due to the increased risk of fraud. Therefore, the adoption of sophisticated e-commerce solutions, from customer service to purchase completion, is essential to win customers and strengthen business.
Nowadays, robust solutions are available that can identify suspicious patterns and behaviors. The first step is to identify the platforms used by retailers and ensure cybersecurity on these digital channels. One of the most widely used channels by large retailers is WhatsApp.
According to RD Station, 74% of the retail sector already use the app for its sales and communication strategies. In 2023, Magazina Luiza began using WhatsApp to expand its sales channels, offer a complete catalog and improve customer experience, from product discovery to after-sales service. Currently, the retail leader maintains an average of 40 million interactions with consumers via the instant messaging app.
By implementing the right security solutions, companies can expand their digital presence while mitigating vulnerabilities in messaging channels. Tuvis’ cybersecurity technologies, for example, integrate effective protection measures such as proactive monitoring.
By integrating data loss prevention (DLP) system with WhatsApp, sales and support executives and managers can identify threats and suspicious activity, such as the sharing of bank details or social security numbers, that could compromise the security of the company and its customers.
The preference for e-commerce is a global reality that promotes accessibility, speed and ease of purchase. However, innovation must be accompanied by well-structured strategies to minimize weaknesses in the operational infrastructure. For sales and service via messaging channels, discover tuvis solutions and strengthen your business with sophistication and credibility.
