---
title: "Phishing: the risks of fake messages on WhatsApp"
source: "https://tuvis.com/whatsapp-phishing-risks-protect-your-business"
date: "2024-12-11"
---

Cyberspace is a vast environment that can be exploited in various fraudulent ways, including phishing, a criminal practice characterized by its ability to reach various digital platforms, including messaging channels. Through fake messages, attackers are able to impersonate companies or individuals and steal sensitive information from victims.
This is usually done through malicious links or attachments that, when accessed, can extract login credentials, bank account numbers or other personal information. Due to the speed and effectiveness of this theft strategy, phishing has become a major focus of cybersecurity discussions, requiring increasingly more sophisticated measures to combat it.
According to Check Point Research’s Threat Intelligence Report (CPR) for Q3 2024, global cyberattacks increased by 75% compared to the same period in 2023, with an average of 1,876 attacks per organization. The study also found out that digital advances have made cyber-attacks more sophisticated and accurate, particularly with the help of artificial intelligence, which has improved traditional methods such as ransomware and phishing.
According to Kaspersky’s ‘Threat Panorama’ research, around 309 million phishing blocks will be registered in Brazil in 2024. The study reveals an average of 588 fraud attempts per minute, carried out through various digital channels, such as malicious links sent by email and even contaminated documents shared via WhatsApp.
Messaging channels stand out with 134 million attempted attacks, mainly via WhatsApp and SMS. These actions are carried out by sending fake messages designed to lure victims to fraudulent sites that steal personal information and trick users into providing sensitive data. In addition, misleading promotions, fraudulent messages from banks, and fake government programmes announcements shared by unknown numbers are all part of the strategies used to compromise users’ cybersecurity.
To mitigate the effects of these practices, WhatsApp offers features to report suspicious messages directly on the platform and to block malicious numbers. Users are also advised to avoid accessing unknown links or downloading files of dubious origin.
For professional accounts and corporate devices, tuvis offers cybersecurity tools that can monitor and block access to suspicious content within messaging channels. Contact us and ensure the safe use of digital tools to develop your business.
