---
title: "Proactivity in the Digital Age: Security with the Zero Trust Approach"
source: "https://tuvis.com/proactivity-in-the-digital-age-security-with-the-zero-trust-approach"
date: "2024-02-26"
---

The First American Financial Corporation, one of the main insurance companies in the United States with over 130 years experience in the market, recently faced a cyber-attack. As a precaution, the company chose to deactivate part of its IT infrastructure to contain the threat and protect its systems and data. This incident highlights the growing threat of cyberattacks, which can result in significant consequences for all business sizes and industries. Shutting down IT infrastructure
can lead to service interruptions, data loss and damage to the company’s reputation.
Business Security Nowadays
As companies move towards a digital transformation, they must reach new levels of agility and transparency. However, this journey also exposes increasing data vulnerability and security risks. With the proliferation of network resources accessible to a wide range of users and locations, traditional access permission models are becoming increasingly obsolete.
In 2022, Latin American businesses faced more than 360 billion attempted cyber-attacks, Brazil was ranked in second place, recording 103 billion of these attempts, according to a survey made by Fortinet. These numbers continue to increase every year, causing companies to adopt advanced security strategies, such as the Zero Trust model, to protect their significant data.
Discover the Zero Trust strategy
The Zero Trust approach revolutionizes the way organizations protect their networks. Assuming that no one is automatically trusted, inside or outside the corporate network. This proactive strategy aims to mitigate the risk of data breaches and strengthen the company’s overall security. In the digital age, Zero Trust emerges as the essential foundation for cybersecurity.
To guarantee security, IT teams need flexible solutions that provide secure access to necessary resources without compromising the protection of significant information. With over 500 million conversations taking place daily between people and companies on WhatsApp, this app has become a vital communication channel
for many organizations. By adopting a security strategy like Zero Trust, companies can strengthen control over potential data breaches.
According to the most recent studies, organizations that implemented a Zero Trust strategy saved an estimated $1.76 million in data breach-related costs compared to those that did not adopt this approach. Zero Trust Security is nowadays an essential tool for protecting businesses against cyber threats. For Deborah Palacios Wanzo, president and co-founder of tuvis, an Israeli startup specialized in using WhatsApp for large companies in a secure and compliant way, the threats continue to become more sophisticated. It highlights the need for companies to adopt robust security measurements, such as the Zero Trust strategy, to ensure effective data protection against potential threats.
It is important to understand that data security does not represent a final destination, but rather an ever-evolving journey. Companies and individuals need to stay up to date on the latest technologies and threats by continually adjusting their protective measures. “Daily monitoring is a must, carried out with expert companies, that embrace Compliance, to guarantee data protection, in addition to remaining protected against the loss of millions of dollars”, concludes Deborah.
Tuvis has developed solutions that help with these and other online issues. Schedule a free demo now and take the next step towards getting the results that matter to your business.
