---
title: "Regulation: The importance of regulating artificial intelligence"
source: "https://tuvis.com/regulation-the-importance-of-regulating-artificial-intelligence"
date: "2024-08-30"
---

The presence of artificial intelligence is becoming more and more common in different sectors, such as algorithms in social media, process optimization and digital services. Although this technology offers many benefits, it also brings risks and various concerns related to security and the purposes of its use.
As the application of AI increases in the interest of business and governments, there is an urgent need to regulate the development and use of these intelligence systems. It is essential to ensure good practices, ethics and the security and preservation of sensitive data. AI regulation is crucial for market growth and business credibility.
The role of artificial intelligence in business
According to a Deloitte survey, 58% of Brazilian companies are already using artificial intelligence in their daily operations and their services offered to customers. In addition, 79% plan to expand the use of AI to other business operations, highlighting the importance of this technology in the digital age.
Many sectors are using AI to increase productivity and improve customer experience. For example, artificial intelligence can be used to diagnose breast cancer at an early stage and speed up consultations and appointments in the healthcare sector.
However, if AI optimization is not aligned with laws and regulations, misuse can occur, increasing the vulnerability of cybersecurity’. This compromises the integrity of operations, as well as the fair and compliant development of this technology. In this sense, the need to implement more robust security measures to detect and mitigate vulnerabilities in digital infrastructure becomes apparent.
AI Regulation: A step towards digital transformation
In 2021, Brazil promoted significant changes in the regulation of artificial intelligence through the EBIA (Estratégia Brasileira de Inteligência Artificial). The purpose of the EBIA program is to promote the development of technology in a conscious and ethical manner, bringing benefits to society by improving a safe digital growth.
In addition, the approval of the LGPD (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados) in 2018 strengthens protection and society’s trust in the use of their personal data in business operations and processes. The legislation promotes transparency regarding the purpose of sharing sensitive data, regulates data processing and guarantees privacy and information protection for its holders.
In the Brazilian digital scenario, there are several legislative projects on the agenda. The AI Law Project, for example, proposes the creation of a regulatory framework for the development and use of artificial intelligence in the State, based on foundations and ethical principles to guarantee innovation with supervision from research to commercialization of these technologies.
On the other hand, PL nº 2338/2023 focuses on the protection of human rights and the promotion of social well-being in the context of artificial intelligence. It emphasizes that the implementation of AI must always be ethical and safe, ensuring democracy, sustainable development and respect for fundamental rights.
Digital policies and guidelines: How to apply them?
With the increasing regulation of artificial intelligence in the digital scenario, it is necessary to implement effective compliance programs to ensure the implementation of laws, policies and guidelines. This is a fundamental pillar to protect organizations from cyber risks and court cases.
Business development must be a constant and collective commitment, based on ethical principles, to ensure good practice and safety in the use of artificial intelligence. This will enable risks to be mitigated and the corporate culture to be strengthened in order to comply with legislation.
In addition, the compliance program must encompass all company operations, from the first contact with the customer to the end of the process. With a sophisticated system in place, a company can legally protect itself against any audit failures and ensure greater security and control over the data processing.
In messaging channels, such as WhatsApp, tuvis integrates digital systems like Blob Storage and CRMs to optimize processes and increase business efficiency. By storing and monitoring all interactions, the company creates a transparent and secure environment that enables the detection of failures that jeopardize compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in communication channels.
The digital compliance program is an indispensable ally in the process of technology transformation. With strategic systems in place, organizations can build transparent and reliable relationships with business partners and customers. Compliance with artificial intelligence regulations is critical to a company’s performance in the marketplace.
Use technology to help your business grow. Check out tuvis solutions and learn more about how you can securely and efficiently increase your digital presence on communication platforms.
