---
title: "The importance of the technology as an ally of Human Resources"
source: "https://tuvis.com/the-importance-of-the-technology-as-an-ally-of-human-resources"
date: "2024-09-04"
---

The Human Resources (HR) department is a fundamental pillar of the organizational strength that companies seek for growth. The activities developed by the department go beyond bureaucracy: they shape the companies values and its business missions, directly affecting the company’s success.
However, there are still people who see HR as a department limited to repetitive and administrative processes, ignoring one of the most critical functions: seek new talent to drive the organization’s growth. The adoption of a strategic plan, allied with innovative technologies can transform a HR into a disruptive force, boosting employee development and optimizing processes such as hiring and firing.
Why implement technology in HR?
Faced with a dynamic and technological world, the research institute Gartner has identified five main trends for HR in 2024. Among the studies, it is possible to point out that technological innovation shapes the efficiency of process execution and on-time performance in this field. Today, the market counts on a variety of technological platforms to optimize tasks for many functions, such as public service, internal communication, data analysis, benefits management and online learning platforms.
However, the research shows that 60% of HR professionals are still unsure of the potential and security of digital systems. On the other hand, 76% of the leaders and managers in HR believe that the lack of technological presence in the company’s operation can be the motive for delaying the development of the company, which raises a significant disadvantage for the next 12 to 24 months.
The introduction of technological tools in HR must be done in a strategic way to ensure a company functions well. Organizations must designate a person to be in charge of managing these solutions and constantly monitor the impact and adaptation of employees to new technologies. Furthermore, it is essential that the use of these platforms is in line with the company’s ethics and business credibility, ensuring the ability to mitigate risks and digital vulnerabilities, particularly in terms of preventing data leakage.
Technology for HR management: how to apply it
When digital systems are used in a conscious and structured way, the flow of activities can be managed with agility and efficiency. To do this, it is necessary to select critical points of operation that can be optimized, freeing HR professionals to devote themselves to more complex and analytical tasks.
In terms of communication, HR professionals can benefit from the tuvis system, which automatically files all data shared in conversations via messaging channels. By integrating WhatsApp with platforms such as CRMs, the technology allows recruiters to instantly access the complete history of interactions with candidates or employees directly from the application screen. This makes it easier to read and store data, draft and send contracts, and distribute important communications, among other essential functions.
To ensure the monitoring of sensitive information sent via messaging channels, tuvis offers an innovative solution that protects the company’s communication platforms and reduces existing vulnerabilities. With the DLP (Data Loss Prevention) system integrated into WhatsApp, executives and managers can be alerted and immediately detect suspicious activity, blocking and/or viewing the exchange of sensitive terms and confidential data during interactions with candidates and employees.
By implementing technology in HR, the sector can optimize management and increase the engagement of employees in the area, ensuring that their functions are carried out with mastery and strategy, always with the personal and business development of each employee in mind.
