---
title: "What is the best cyber defense strategy for SMEs?"
source: "https://tuvis.com/what-is-the-best-cyber-defense-strategy-for-smes"
date: "2024-08-08"
---

The process of digital transformation in companies is growing with the need to optimize results, implement technologies in operations and increase productivity in areas, especially to ensure business expansion. But as the virtual world becomes more important, executives and managers need to be aware of the challenges and risks that exist in cyberspace.
When it comes to data leakage and fraud, these risks are usually associated with large organizations, as the number of customers and employees are more significant. However, from 2022 to 2023, small and medium-sized Brazilian companies were the biggest targets of cybercriminals. In Brazil alone, there were 192 million attempts to compromise the systems of these organizations.
Why have SMEs become a target for criminals?
In this scenario, it is necessary to assess the vulnerabilities of each sector. In the case of small and medium-sized businesses, cybercriminals exploit weaknesses in the organization’s programs and operating systems, and the smaller the IT structure, the more effective the digital attacks.
In general, executives and managers of growing companies have a small technology team. In many cases, the department consists of two or even one technology professional who is responsible for developing basic programs and helping other teams with specific problems. As a result, data loss prevention and information security take a back seat, and cybersecurity suffers.
What’s more, through negligence and lack of knowledge, these organizations end up increasing their vulnerability by believing that they don’t have “valuable data,” flashy numbers, or financial value in the eyes of cybercriminals. With this misconception, organizations don’t invest in implementing appropriate technology solutions and become easy targets for fraudulent actions.
Read the warning signs
Given the risks and vulnerabilities that exist in the digital world, the first step in defining the best cyber strategies is to identify the most common virtual attacks. In 2023, 1.2 million fraudulent activities were recorded in Brazil. This includes attacks such as phishing, a sophisticated technique to deceive people through communication channels.
In the same year, 75 Brazilian companies were attacked by ransomware, hackers who infect and restrict access to sensitive and essential information. To regain access to the data, 83% of the affected organizations paid a ransom, and only then were they able to regain access to the corporate system.
Not only do these crimes impact business operations and the security of customer data, but they also damage an organization’s credibility and make it difficult to grow the business. In the case of small and medium-sized businesses, cyber-attacks have the power to undermine corporate restructuring. Research shows that approximately 60% of small businesses are unable to stay in business for six months after falling victim to cybercrime.
Cybersecurity Requires Investment and Strategic Vision
Despite the importance of digital security issues in the corporate environment, many SMB (Small to Mid-Sized Business) leaders and executives need guidance to implement preventative measures in their systems. Investing in cybersecurity is not just about compliance, it is a strategy to drive business and improve customer experience.
That’s why profitable companies are keeping pace with digital transformation and investing in technology to minimize vulnerabilities throughout the operational process, including the means of communicating and interacting with customers. After all, messaging channels such as WhatsApp can become powerful tools for cybercriminals who use the app to access and leak sensitive data.
In a connected and dynamic world, businesses need to be resilient and smart in their decisions. SMBs should maintain virtual customer service, as it facilitates interaction with the public and builds customer loyalty. But digital presence must be accompanied by practices that ensure the integrity of the information shared.
In order to secure the data shared virtually and to increase the protection of the corporate communication channel, tuvis has integrated WhatsApp Business with the Data Loss Prevention (DLP) system, a technology used to monitor and detect fraudulent activities such as the sharing of files, sensitive data and sensitive terms within the application.
With the effectiveness of this solution, business managers have control over the messages sent and received within corporate WhatsApp, quickly detecting actions that violate the organization’s compliance and security.
Regardless of the size of the business, investing in preventative measures is essential to ensure business continuity. Cybercriminals are looking for vulnerabilities, but by adopting smart practices, organizations large, medium, and small can protect their businesses.
Keeping up with digital transformation requires information and strategy. Check out other content on our blog and see how technology can be essential to growing your business.
